VectorMap: Update bounds topic (#7556)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxVectorMap/1 Configuration/bounds.md

Specifies the positioning of a map in geographical coordinates.

---

> To display a specific portion of a map, specify coordinates in the **bounds** property. Specify an array of four values in the following order: `[minLongitude, maxLatitude, maxLongitude, minLatitude]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To display a specific part of a map, specify coordinates in the **bounds** property. Specify an array of four values in the `[minLongitude, maxLatitude, maxLongitude, minLatitude]` order.
```

Refer to the following image to see how these values are applied to a map:

![ChartMargin ChartJS](/images/ChartJS/VectorMapBounds.png)

[note]

> If your [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxVectorMap/Configuration/layers/#dataSource) range is larger than the default data range of the component ([-180, 180] in longitude and [-90, 90] in latitude), note the following specifics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your [dataSource](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxVectorMap/Configuration/layers/#dataSource) range is larger than the default data range of the component ([-180 to 180] longitude and [-90 to 90] latitude), note the following specifics:
```
